Reject when statusCode === 404 (#3)
jamieweavis/contribution: README.md

Type: `Object`

###### onSuccess

Type: `Function`

Callback function to handle the returned data. Returns a `data` object with `contributions`, `currentStreak` and `bestStreak` properties.

###### onFailure

Type: `Function`

> Callback function to handle a potential error. Returns a `error` object which correspond to a HTTP response with `error.statusCode` and the other properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callback function to handle a potential error. Returns an `error` object which corresponds to a HTTP response with `error.statusCode` and the other properties.
```
